The prize for becoming
princess is demon incense?
How dare she endanger one of
my precious underlings--
and over some stupid pageant?
New idea. Would you mind
lending me your dress
for a little while, Rachel?
Hi, gentlemen.
It's nice to meet you.
[STUDENTS chattering]
[MALE STUDENT A]
Is she a student here?
[FEMALE STUDENT B]
She's beautiful.
[FEMALE STUDENT C]
Obvious winner.
[AILEEN]
Prestigious academy or no,
it's still child's play
in the end.
I guess it's time
to put my experience
mingling with socialites
to the test.
Greetings, esteemed judges.
May you look favorably upon me.
Oh, my. What a splendid curtsy.
Thank you kindly, Lady Reuss.
Might I say,
I've studied your book,
The Path and Brilliance of a
Lady , from cover to cover.
Have you?
I'm flattered and impressed
to have a fan amidst the lineup!
[AILEEN laughs]
[growls]
[AILEEN] Hello, to you, as well,
members of the student council.
A lovely evening, isn't it?
[GROUP gasps]
This must be a weird
dream of some sort.
Or not.
Um, guys? My heart's
racing really hard.
His feminine wiles
have even charmed me!
[WALT] Truly, my expectations
have been bested.
[AILEEN laughs]
Enough gawking, please
state your business with me.
[GROUP gasps]
Won't the judges be assessing
your dance skills?
I will gladly volunteer.
That's rude! Jumping
to the front, are we?
Something is amiss with my poor
eyes. I request a new pair.
Well, my fair lady...
Would you please do me the
honor of having this dance?
[ALL gasp]
[AILEEN laughs]
[AILEEN] The final boss passes
with flying colors! As expected.
♪
Guess what I heard.
Lady Selena was shoved
down the stairs today.
And didn't she do it?
[ISAAC]
Have a sip. It's juice.
Thank you, I think I will.
Some time ago,
there was a woman
I couldn't quite bring
myself to approach,
when she was left
alone at a ball.
I so desperately wanted
to speak to her,
but didn't make a move
when it mattered most.
Pathetic, right?
No! Not so in the slightest!
Exquisitely done.
Isaac, I look at you and see
someone who inspires others
just when they need it most.
Be confident in that!
Oh? You do?
And you?
You've the makings of
a great woman like her.
In your own way.
Huh?
Thank you. This chat's
lifted my spirits.
[RACHEL gasping]
What did I just do?
[SELENA]
Well, if it isn't Rachel.
[RACHEL]
Lady Selena.
It's an utter shame
you couldn't participate
in the White Lily contest
like you wanted.
I mean you certainly would've
given me a run for my money.
[RACHEL]
I can't let her words get to me.
She'll win if I look
bothered by it enough.
It would've been a contest
for second place
with that girl competing.
I've no idea who she is.
But let her snatch first place
as White Lily Princess
for all I care.
[RACHEL] It's frustrating
to lose, isn't it?
I would've given up
and run away, too,
if I was in your shoes,
Lady Selena.
Delighted to know you
understand my feelings.
[RACHEL laughs]
[ANNOUNCER A] This year's
White Lily Princess is...
...contestant number 7!
[CROWD chattering, cheering]
[ANNOUNCER A]
We'll now present the prize
for this year's
first place winner.
[AILEEN grunts]
And finally,
tonight's last dance!
Please do us the honor?
I'll be taking this!
[ANNOUNCER A]
White Lily Princess?!
[CROWD chattering]
[JAMES] That hails from
the East. Incense burner.
I'll open it.
There's nothing inside.
So, the anonymous letter sent to
the imperial capital was a lie?
Indeed.
This was nothing but
a sham from the start.
[RACHEL]
Everyone! The main stage!
[GROUP gasps]
If I could please have
your attention!
It would seem Ashtarte
is hiding in our midst!
[MALE STUDENT B]
Ashtarte?
[FEMALE STUDENT G]
The demon?
[MALE STUDENT C] Hasn't that
one caused quite a stir lately?
[GROUP panting]
What's that in her hand?
[WALT]
Demon incense?
[SELENA]
It's my duty to expose Ashtarte.
I'm determined to
bring him to justice!
I'll root you out from
wherever you're hiding!
[GROUP grunts]
[STUDENTS murmuring]
[KYLE]
Run! It's poison!
[WALT]
Don't breathe it in! Go now!
[CROWD chattering, screaming]
[AILEEN]
President, run!
[JAMES grunting]
[screaming]
[AILEEN gasps]
[KYLE, WALT]
President James?
[SELENA] So it was you
all along? How nefarious.
Our comrade's a demon? But how?
Don't stand there! Slay it!
You wield the holy sword!
Huh?
[growls]
All this time...
I cannot believe Ashtarte
was you, James.
Please, drop your weapons!
Comrade or not, we have to!
Every demon must be killed!
Ah, in an even more shocking
twist, the church truly did
send assassins to
eliminate that beast.
[grunting, yelling]
No, don't do this!
Don't hurt them, James!
[JAMES gasps]
[AILEEN gasps]
You're in there, James!
I know you are!
Hands off me!
[gasps]
[gasping]
Let me go.
It's far too late for me.
Must I remind you of
the oath you and I made?
I will protect you!
[JAMES gasping]
[AILEEN]
Don't you dare!
Offering yourself up
only to be killed?
If you have no place to go,
then stay here with me!
[JAMES gasps]
Trust me, let me stand
at your side, President.
At my side? Is that possible?
What are they good for
if it's still breathing?
It's up to you! Finish it
off with the holy sword.
What do you mean?
I don't have the holy sword.
You don't?
But I thought that you were
the rightful wielder of it.
Or so I was told.
[gasps]
Start talking. Why do you
possess demon incense?
Nonsense. I don't even
know what that is.
Why don't you interrogate
the demon instead?
No reason to. You're the
one who's in the wrong.
Huh...?
See, all was well
with the president,
until you turned him
into a demon, Lady Selena!
[gasps] What?
Am I to understand you two are
siding with this demon over me?
Why not? I don't
recall don't ever
making friends with you
in the first place.
[gasps]
[KYLE] Look around.
There are no demons here.
James is human now, and we
have no orders to kill humans.
This is wrong! This wasn't
what was supposed to happen!
I followed the instructions
in the letter...
Hm? Huh...?
Up there! Look!
[GROUP grunts]
[WALT]
It's a horde!
[KYLE] The incense
must've attracted them!
All of you get to safety!
Leave the horde to me!
--What?
--And leave you behind?
Are you mad, Ailey?
[AILEEN] I should reintroduce
myself. I'm not Ailey.
I'm Aileen Lauren d'Autriche.
The Holy Sword Maiden.
[ALL gasping]
[AILEEN grunts]
[AILEEN] We mustn't kill the
demons, holy sword. Understand?
Protect the humans, sure,
but exercise restraint.
Yes. This is the will of
the demon lord's betrothed!
[ALL grunting]
[CLAUDE]
What do you think you're doing?
[AILEEN gasps]
Lord Claude?
How odd to find
you here, beloved.
Care to explain why you
aren't in the capital?
[laughing nervously]
[AILEEN] Thanks to Lord
Claude's intervention,
the demon incense
problem was handled.
But... Lord Claude didn't
chase me when I ran.
A serious red flag.
I've angered him. Undoubtedly.
So, the person running
around the academy
in a duck costume was...?
Yes, the demon lord's fiancée.
Who is also the
Holy Sword Maiden.
Hard to believe she was
with us this entire time.
I think, perhaps, I offended
her ladyship with my rudeness.
It doesn't make much
of a difference to me
if you're a man
or a woman, Ailey.
But I have to ask you,
why did you bring the duck head?
In a last and likely futile
effort to dress up as duck
and appease Lord Claude's
anger, Rachel.
[gasps]
[ALL]
Uh...
Good luck cooling
that icy heart.
[AILEEN gasping]
Nope. I've got zero chance!
Impeccable timing, dear.
It was getting rather lonely
staring at emptiness.
Emptiness, huh?
You mean the empty cage?!
Not just any cage!
This prison was wonderfully
made for you, Lady Aileen!
Take a peek, it's even nicer
looking on the inside!
Me? Prison? Lord Claude, I'm
your fiancée, not a criminal!
You're my love, and because
of that, I spoil you.
But your latest caper has shaken
me, and filled me with regret.
To think you would
be so deceptive,
and infiltrate the
academy as a boy.
Of course, this solves why
that duck piqued my curiosity.
Ah... The time has come.
At last, I'll witness
your crying face, beloved.
[whimpering]
I cannot believe you! My actions
were right and justified
as the demon lord's betrothed!
[grunts]
You knew about the demon
incense, didn't you?
So, tell me, what would
have happened to you
had you succumbed
to its effects.
Is that what you want?
For me to suffer a repeat
of Prince Cédric?
Sit pretty in the capital and
stay silent, doing nothing?
Demon Lord, sir. It's just...
She was only worried,
so I didn't say anything.
Please don't be mad at Aileen.
Okay, that's all, bye.
[ISAAC]
You knowingly chose a wife
who wouldn't take orders
from a husband.
Consider keeping a tight leash
on her next time, as her fiancé.
Yes, understood.
I suppose you're right.
[ALL gasp]
We're far from finished here,
so try not to look too
relieved, my dear Aileen.
Now, it seems you've
picked up yet another pet.
Show some respect.
He's our future representative.
James here will be most helpful
to our cause, I think.
[gasps] Playing politics?
Oh, so that's what you
meant when you said
you had a place for me. Ugh!
Hey, now, don't get
so bent out of shape.
On the bright side,
at least you have a job
lined up after the academy.
Quit joking around!
There is nothing
bright about this!
And as for you, I would like
to offer you a position
as my knight, if you're willing.
[AUGUSTE]
Huh?
Someone of your caliber
would fit perfectly.
Speaking of, Rachel?
How would you like to
become my maid-in-waiting?
Me? Are you sure about that?
Quite. I've been
searching for a maid
who would fight alongside me.
And you two...
[BOTH gasp]
I should mention we're
gainfully employed already!
Then I'll negotiate with your
employers at the church.
I do have plenty of dirt on them
after that malicious stunt
they pulled during
the tournament.
I've no doubt they'll sell the
two of you to me in a heartbeat.
Did I hear that correctly?
Sold off like cattle
to the demon king.
And Selena... She slipped away
after the demon incident.
Rest assured,
she didn't too get far.
How did you capture
her so quickly?
It wasn't very difficult.
You see, the scent
of demon incense
was on her the whole time.
[inaudible]
I had to remain on my guard.
Lest I fall victim
to her trickery.
She never seemed to
catch on that I knew.
[GROUP gasping]
[AILEEN]
Selena had demon incense on her
without realizing what it was.
Nonsense. I don't even
know what that is.
[AILEEN]
She also knew Auguste
should have possessed the
holy sword, like in the game.
You don't?
But I thought that you were
the rightful wielder of it!
Or so I was informed.
[AILEEN] So, was Selena
following the instructions
of someone who has
knowledge of the game?
This is wrong! This wasn't
what was supposed to happen!
I followed the instructions
in the letter.
[AILEEN]
Letters...
The person penning the letters
to Selena... Who is it?
Oops. I should've mentioned
Selena's a big fan
of Lady Lilia's.
The two of them have even
exchanged letters before.
[AILEEN gasps]
[AILEEN] That's it. I know
who the mastermind is.
The one pretending
to be Ashtarte.
[LILIA]
Oh, Lady Aileen!
What a surprise to see you've
returned from Mirchetta.
[AILEEN]
Skip the small talk.
You know why I'm here.
This was a test to see if I
know about the game, right?
You wanted to find out
if I have memories
of my past life the way you do.
Out with it, when?
My memories?
I started recalling
details around the time
I met you and Prince Cédric.
And if people died because
of your careless actions,
what would you have done?
If people died?
What are you talking about?
You know they're only
characters in a game.
[AILEEN grunts]
Come now, don't tell me
you're one of those types
who couldn't tell games apart
from reality in your last life?
This world is
only a game, silly.
Are you honestly telling me
you'd refuse to finish a game
you paid real money
for just because
a few fictional characters
died along the way?
Lilia, this is reality. Here,
everyone lives and breathes.
Like you, if they die,
they won't come back.
They're not like me
if I'm the player.
That's why it's so fun
experiencing the story
where you're the main character.
These characters are only
programmed to follow lines
of code. You're far more
interesting than any of them.
Let's have more fun,
Lady Aileen.
I decline.
I don't plan on giving you
that kind of attention.
Do the right thing
and turn yourself in.
Did I commit a crime
of some sort?
Feel free to share any real
evidence you might have.
You're acting as if it's
already game over for me.
The only person confused
about reality and fiction here
is you, Lilia, and if you
want to play against me,
you're going to have
to do better than this.
If that's all, I'll be off.
Goodbye.
[AILEEN]
Shortly after,
Ashtarte announced
the end of the rebellion.
Peaceful days at Mische Academy
were once again the norm.
The Grand Duchy of Mirchetta
was incredibly grateful
of Lord Claude's supervision.
He and the members
of the security force
were generously praised
for thwarting the attack.
His public image bolstered, Lord
Claude advised humans and demons
should all be protected
citizens, and each side
enjoyed more diplomatic
relations with his counsel.
Well, now. Let's not dawdle.
[CLAUDE]
Right.
I'm reminded, dearest,
that I haven't had time
to properly punish you for
your earlier disobedience.
[gasps] What? Punish me how?
Oh, perhaps a kiss would satisfy
my longing to see you chastised.
[gasps] Here?
Must we have this
intimate conversation
here and now, Lord Claude?
[CLAUDE]
Hm?
[AILEEN squeaks]
Please! Someone
could have seen us!
[CLAUDE]
Am I not your husband-to-be?
Your beautiful blue eyes
need only focus on me,
dearest Aileen.
[AILEEN]
This man is so unfair!
Let us be off then. We mustn't
keep the emperor waiting.
[AILEEN]
We'll keep moving forward.
To the happy ending that
awaits us... together!
[AILEEN]
Yes, together.
Though the path might twist and
turn, we will find our way!